Now let's use our model to make some predictions.
To make predictions with our model,
we're going to use the predict method.
This method will take our images pass them through
our network and return its output in a NumPy array.
Let's plot our models predicted probabilities for a single image,
in our training set.
We begin by taking a single batch of images,
as we've done before.
Then we use our model to make predictions on this batch of images.
The predict method will return
a NumPy array that we're going to save in a variable called ps.
In this case, ps will contain the predicted probabilities for each image in the batch.
Since we have 64 images per batch and we have 10 possible classes,
ps will be an array of size 64 by 10.
After we have our predicted probabilities,
we're going to grab the first image in our batch as we've seen before.
Next, we use Matplotlib to plot
the first image in our batch alongside its corresponding predicted probabilities.
Remember that ps is an array that has
the predicted probabilities for all of the 64 images in our batch.
Therefore, we must set the index equal to
zero to only select the predicted probabilities for the first image.
If we look at the predicted probabilities for a first image,
we can see that our network basically has no idea what digit is in the image.
This is because we haven't trained our model yet,
it hasn't learned to recognize the digits that are in the images.
All it has right now is random weights and biases.
The best we can do is make random guesses at what digit appears in the image.